Improve the plug-in cert task. (#8904)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/tasks/security/cert-management/plugin-ca-cert/index.md

This task shows how administrators can configure the Istio certificate authority (CA) with a root certificate,
signing certificate and key.

> By default, the Istio CA generates a self-signed root certificate and key, and uses them to sign the workload certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the Istio CA generates a self-signed root certificate and key and uses them to sign the workload certificates.
```

> If you want to better protect the root CA key, you should use a root CA which runs on a secure machine offline,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To protect the root CA key, you should use a root CA which runs on a secure machine offline,
```

## Plug in certificates and key into the cluster

{{< warning >}}

> The following instructions are for demo purpose only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following instructions are for demo purposes only.
```

> For production cluster setup, it is highly recommended to use a production-ready CA, such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a production cluster setup, it is highly recommended to use a production-ready CA, such as
```

[Hashicorp Vault](https://www.hashicorp.com/products/vault).

> It is a good practice to manage the root CA on an offline machine with good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a good practice to manage the root CA on an offline machine with strong
```

security protection.
{{< /warning >}}

> 1.  On the top-level directory of the Istio installation package, create a directory for holding certificates and keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  In the top-level directory of the Istio installation package, create a directory to hold certificates and keys:
```

    * `root-cert.pem`: the root certificate

    {{< tip >}}

>     To configure additional Istio CAs, you can repeat this step with different cluster names.

Reviewer: Should we say something about why they would do this, i.e. to setup additional CAs in other clusters? It is implied based on the variable names but we should be explicit here, and state that each cluster that has a control plane should have its own intermediate CA. We could say this at the top of the doc and then refer to it here.
